very good morning people welcome in the
last video tutorial in this tutorial
let's do one thing when the
comunitat and machine which is a machine
of knight box in I have it here
here I have an armed fence and list here
first it goes to show how it works will
teach them how to become first
own are empty
As you can see, this is going to sort out wool
colors and an original extra game for
pick up garbage here I have a cost with
all these things there are some sites that
it has nothing to do
and proceed to use the chest
as well
and then it is not stopped
here
if there is art
It is garbage to teach how it works
well first we have the cost
this chest
here like this
with this all Persian
now
this
since this works
Not that much
repeat here and here at this point
a torch the palm down to come out and
everyone here also passed one let's say
that this one that were diamonds we put a
whole stack diamonds
buttons
in their buttons are item garbage are equal
easier to get the game in the
wood
up here we worry
another is in trash that makes different
the buttons in this case the grass is
like this we give you all our
video
I saw a diamond here
we have a diamond
and here what happens is that I have a
diamond lights up is the second here
for the declaration to shut down and that
this can let me pass I have to leave
pass an item
the diamond that is here is work can
go down here we are going to put more
here as you can see is not happening
nothing but if something is happening this is
giving rally here we know time that
I've been another item I do not know but there it is
working
and the thing
and if we repeat this many times
we will get something like this
as you can see here we have the hot
bears
as we want to stake and 64
well done and here
this me I have done to collect items
This makes it all happen over here
from me the ice comes the hardest part of
get you have to get that tokyo
we want to do this in survival
anyone
well here is the other method here as
can see we have a cart with hopper
he can distribute the different
down
here if I had dana
quintana
and the broth takes it
and this with little patience is distributing
items does everything makes all the chests
ah
against espanyol and chance
two
well here I have a one this machine
iter computer that is a bit different
to the other
is the one that planned we will be survival
have the changes that I have made there
to improve it can not work with
Water
with 300 already and in one one tension and another
put in iron peak the happiness
the differences are not the same
because I say
gold
because these items are these things
that one talks about the mine one is going to
mine and bring all things in inventory
a hollow breath and
is already being left alone some will say that
it's very practical but instead of this
chest
we put an oven
I tell them
well it 's another different type and that's going to
be also
Here we go
here as you can see it is almost the same
i
do not lose
has one thing that I like that is what
what am I going to do
let's find a diamond
and they are
we have this here
we put a diamond and if we put another
Diamond
what will he do
reasons why I like
because in this other model if we want
highlight something first we occupy a stack
whole of something the survival mode
here you will have 64 diamonds
and its own dome this is the
simpler and that I think is more
practical because we do not have to be 64
of diamond to get blankets
this malova we will be survival to see
after
and no cheating good this is all with the
Spanish verbs goodbye